Java "enterprise" solution for Wundernut part III
===============================================

This is a class-rich, non-elegant solution for Wunderdog's third Wundernut challenge.

Prerequisites
-------------

- Java 7
- No dependencies (except for JUnit if you want to run the tests)

Running
-------

Run the Java program class `NutCracker`. The results are printed to the system output.

Algorithm logic
---------------

The main algorithm is a very simple depth-first search. However, to make the program more robust the search space is limited by logical reasoning (outside the program).

A simple brute force solution would take one of the 9 pieces and try to find valid solutions by using that starting piece in all different 9 "board" locations, in all different (3) orientations.

However, the search space can be reduced to 1/3 of the size by realizing that one only needs to try the piece to one third of the locations (e.g. 1, 2 and 3) so that the other solutions can be easily generated by rotating the found solutions by 60 degrees and 120 degrees.

The search space can be limited even more by examining the given pieces. The number of different images is as follows:

- Fox head x 3
- Fox torso x 7
- Deer head x 7
- Deer torso x 3
- Raccoon head x 3
- Raccoon torso x 4

Since all images need their counterpart to make a match, there are "leftover" parts as follows:

- Fox torso x 4
- Deer head x 4
- Raccoon torso x 1

These images must be on the outer edges of the pieces for them not to need a matching pair. All of the pieces have 2 or 3 of these in them except for the piece no. 7 (which only has one fox torso and two images that must have pairs). This means that piece number seven cannot be on the end (i.e. vertex position) of the triangle since it only has one edge that can be without a pair - and a vertex position only has one matching edge and two unmatched ones. Furthermore, if it is located on an edge position (e.g. position 2), the fox torso must point outwards. So there is only one orientation in which the piece can be if it is on that position. On an internal position (e.g. position 3) all of its sides can have matches (since even the fox torso can be matched to one of the fox head and all the leftover fox torsos are on other pieces), so it can also be in any orientation.

Thus there are only four different scenarios to use as a basis for the algorithm:

- Piece no. 7 is on position 2, the fox torso heading outwards
- Piece no. 7 is on position 3, in its original orientation
- Piece no. 7 is on position 3, rotated 60 degrees
- Piece no. 7 is on position 3, rotated 120 degrees

These scenarios are manually set in the `NutCracker` class when finding the solutions.
